“Call me Miss Hazel.” POV Hazel. Walks through the town to the inn describing it for us. Piggie has called a gathering tonight. I’m running late — had to work late at the peer helping the fishermen bring their catch to dock. I get paid in fish heads! And it was a big tuna catch tonight! Couldn’t pas that up. Sun has set.  Describe the Inn. Not really the right image “bouncing Boar”. Place is too old to bounce. Dark and dusty. Lanterns dot the wall. Glass domes (find right word) are smoked from the years barely cast light onto the tables beneath them. At those tables, laughs and food. Other tables dark with shadows like the hidden figures around them. Best to steer clear of those. I nod at the bartender. He motions his head toward the back and hands me a lit lantern.  And there is Piggie Fire Mane at a large wooden table in the back. A large fireplace roars and flickers. Piggie. Shadows of mane flickering on the wall. Plates of food. Grabs a half-eaten loaf of bread and tears a huge hunk off it and downs it. Followed by a large tanker of drink. Grape Koolaid runs out the side of his mouth and down his stained shirt.  I set the lantern on the table and <examine> the others seated. I know Jim Packard, the store owner. A tall, skinny man with thick glasses and long bony fingers deftly working the knife and fork to cut a potato on his plate. I guess he closed the shop early tonight.  A squat hairy-armed fat man, William Pratt. Chewing, turkey leg in hand, mouth open. He works on the docks mending nets and fishing gear. Tosses the bone onto the plate and nods at me.  And two men I didn’t know. Now that I can see them better, one is older with a long mustache that curls into loops at the ends. A black hat pulled down almost over his eyes. The other a young man — more of a boy, really. Fidgeting nervously in his seat pulling at the top button of his shirt.  “Ah! Here is me First Mate, Miss Hazel. I believe you know everyone except Malcom and his son, John. Malcom is the banker who advanced us a load for this adventure. He was none too eager at first. But when I told him about the map, he was so excited he even wanted to join us.. He promises his son is a hard worker and a good ship-hand.”  Malcom twisted the ends of his mustache “And what about this map?”  Piggie unrolls the map onto the table, and I set the lantern in the middle.  “This be” the map to Captain Red Backer’s fabled treasure. My uncle Ron was Backer’s ship cook, and he was there the night the crew mutinied. See, Old Orville and my uncle were buds, you see. The way to a captain’s heart is through his stomach, and uncle Ron cooked a mighty tasty corn pudding. Uncle Ron had just brought in the covered dish of pudding when the crew began  Breaking into the captains chambers. Orville folded up his map and slipped it under the cover of the corn pudding. While the crew beat up the captain, uncle Ron retreated into the kitchen with the map hidden in the dishes.  Old Backer’s treasure. Two large chests filled with bags of gold and silver. Just a glance at the treasure is said to drive a man wild with greed. Many have searched for the chests ... 15 years with no sign. Wherever Backer hid it, he hid it well.  Uncle Ron passed away six months ago in <select a place>. He had few possessions. A large black kettle with a lid on it he willed to me. I stuck it in the cupboard and nearly forgot about it until one night Miss Hazel and I got a hankering for popcorn. I took down the kettle to make it, and when I took the lid off, there was the map stowed inside. Why didn’t he ever go after the treasure? I can’t say. He was old and his mind had deteriorated. Maybe he forgot where the map was. Or maybe he wanted his only nephew to have it.  “You’ve got the map ... what do you need with us?” Asked <who>  “Aye. I’ve got the map” but getting to the treasure is no easy feat. It’ll take a strong ship and a determined crew. <Piggie points around the table>. Miss Hazel and I can’t do it alone.  Rumored to be hidden in the Devil’s Maw ... a patch of razor sharp islands. We’ll have to sail through pirate infested waters. The kracken ... lay out all the struggles they will face. This map shows a safe path into the Maw to Backer’s treasure.  “That’s quite a risk. What’s in it for us?” Asked <who>  “Aye ... what’s in it for you.” Piggie leans back. Here is me offer. In one of those two chests is a small black bag containing Captain Backer’s prize treasure — the famed “Blue Pearls” of legend. Hazel and I want only the bag of pearls. The rest of the treasure — all the gold and silver — ye can split evenly amongst yer selves.  Discussion. Malcom bows out “more gold for you all” and leaves. Everyone else is in. Much drinking of Koolaid and laughing getting louder. Making plans. When do we leave? We sail day after tomorrow at sunrise on a rented ship The Flying Pig.  The party leaves. John meets a man in the shadows outside the inn. “You think the map is real? The dark man asks. Secret plans. I’ll be right behind you all the way. You know what to do. Man curls his mustache 